[CF1] Gsuite IdP guide update (#20479)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/gsuite.mdx

### 1. Configure Google Workspace

1.  Log in to the Google Cloud Platform [console](https://console.cloud.google.com/). This is separate from your Google Workspace console.

2.  A Google Cloud project is required to enable Google Workspace APIs. If you do not already have a Google Cloud project, go to **IAM & Admin** > **Create Project**. Name the project and select **Create**.

3.  Go to **APIs & Services** and select **Enable APIs and Services**. The API Library will load.

4.  In the API Library, search for `admin` and select **Admin SDK API**.

5.  **Enable** the Admin SDK API.

6.  Return to the **APIs & Services** page and go to **Credentials**.

> 7.  You will see a warning that you need to configure a consent screen. Select **Configure Consent Screen**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  The console will display a warning that you need to configure a consent screen. Select **Configure Consent Screen**.
```
